>> SEAN STONE: Stand up
and salute the false flag.
Let's enter the Buzzsaw.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> SEAN: Welcome to Buzzsaw,
where we cut through
the mainstream narrative to
explore the hidden truths.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
And joining me today
is Richard Dolan, one
of the world's leading
researchers and writers
on the subject of UFOs.
He is the author of "UFOs and
the National Security State,"
and "UFOs for the
21st Century Mind."
He also hosts a weekly radio
program, "The Richard Dolan
Show."
Today he enlightens us on his
research for his next book
on false flags.
So I want to start by
asking you about a bit
of the history of false flags.
Because as I
understand it, it has
to do with a lot of the pirate
raiding and marauding that
took place, for example, in
the 16th and 17th centuries.
Is that really the origin
of that word, that concept?
>> RICHARD DOLAN: Yes, it is.
That's the origin of
the phrase false flag.
And back in that
period of time, pirates
would collect flags of
other nations, the UK
or the Netherlands or
France or whatever.
And, of course, that would
be effective for luring
commercial vessels toward them.
And what would
always happen is when
the prey would get close
enough, the pirates would then
hoist up the black pirate
flag and rob the ship, which
is interesting to me,
because it really shows me
that pirates had more honor
about what they did back then
than false flag
operations do today.
Because at least back then,
you knew that the pirates
were stealing your goods.
>> SEAN: But wasn't there
also, even back then,
the use of pirates
by governments?
In a sense, governments
utilizing false flags
to engage in wars, for example?
>> DOLAN: There's some limited
evidence of ancient or really
early false flags.
And, in fact, it's very possible
that false flags can go back
even a couple of thousand
years, although the evidence--
to be honest with you,
I've looked into this.
It's quite spotty.
When I initially started my
research into false flags,
and searching out on the
web and in various sources,
I was willing to accept the
claim, as many people had said,
that false flags go
back to ancient times.
Some people would cite the
burning of Rome by Nero,
and blaming that
on the Christians.
And I thought, well, maybe.
But the more I looked into these
early alleged or possible false
flags, the more I realized that
even if some of them did occur,
they were outliers.
And there is a reason for this.
The ancient world--
it would be difficult,
I think, in pragmatic
terms, to, say, fake
an attack by another country.
Whereas today, certain
nations have that ability.
What I'm looking at in my
research on false flags
is this is a phenomenon
that really takes off
after the First World War,
and for very specific reasons.
And one of these reasons
is that much of the world
was militarized after that war.
It was a huge event.
Secondly, there were
several governments
that came into total control
of their state media.
And this, I think, is
a very important factor
with false flags.
If a government or an
intelligence agency
is going to do
something terrible,
like blow things up and
kill people and blame it
on another party-- and
that is a false flag-- then
they need to have control of
the narrative that gets out.
There needs to be a kind of
centralized media system that
exists that they can dominate.
After the First
World War, we see
this with nations
like Germany and Japan
and the Soviet Union,
who, in the 1930s,
were really the
leaders in perpetrating
certain false
flags at that time.
>> SEAN: You mentioned Germany,
Japan, and Soviet Union.
These false flags
in the 1930s, they
were instrumental towards
the buildup to World War II,
for example?
>> DOLAN: Yes.
They absolutely were,
because those three nations--
the other thing
about perpetrating
false flags is that
the perpetrator needs
to have a motivation
for some kind
of either major
geopolitical change, which
those nations
absolutely all three
of them had, or significant
domestic change.
Because a false flag can be
used for international purposes
or for domestic purposes.
And in fact, all three
of those nations,
particularly Germany
and the Soviet Union,
did international and
domestic false flags
during that time,
Germany famously.
The Reichstag fire
in 1933, which
was really their
9/11, which was what
gave Hitler dictatorial power.
Before the Reichstag fire,
Hitler was a chancellor.
He was like a prime minister.
He didn't have dictator powers.
After the Reichstag
fire, he did.
This was an event that--
it's been more than 80 years,
and one of the interesting
things about it is to this day,
the majority of
historians of Germany
would acknowledge that
that was a false flag.
But there are people
who don't agree.
And there are some
historians who
maintain that it was indeed
set by a Dutch communist named
Van der Lubbe on his own
and then used as a pretext
for creating a fascist state.
I don't agree with that.
I think that this
was a Nazi set up.
And there are very good
reasons for believing that.
But my point is this.
The Nazis were so
good at this covert op
that more than 80 years
later there is still
some question as to who did it.
And that's the
difficulty, in some cases,
of researching
these false flags.
Because if you do not
get an acknowledgement
from the government,
an official admission,
then where are you left with?
You're left with good
journalism and using
your own common sense.
>> SEAN: Well,
and in US history,
I think we have very interesting
episodes of false flags.
>> DOLAN: Oh, yes.
>> SEAN: Beginning even
with the Boston Tea Party,
because obviously, we know
that it was the colonists who
basically were dumping
the tea from the ships.
But they were dressed up as
Native Americans, which--
>> DOLAN: Exactly.
>> SEAN: --whether or not that
was just in fun or actually
intended to be a false
flag, or disguise--
>> DOLAN: A little of Column
A and a little of Column B,
I would say.
>> SEAN: Precisely.
Right.
It's almost the
origin of US history.
>> DOLAN: Yeah.
It was obvious to those people
dumping the tea overboard
that they knew that the
British knew that it was them.
>> SEAN: Right.
>> DOLAN: So by that
point in American history,
the tensions between the
colonists and the British
government were very high.
It was very obvious
what was going on.
But yeah.
They did dress up as Native
Americans in disguise
to do that.
>> SEAN: But obviously some
very important false flags in US
history, like the sinking
of the Maine, which--
you mentioned the press.
The Hearst press was
all over the idea
the Spanish had done it.
And then thereafter
many wars, it seems,
have been incited by
it in the US history.
>> DOLAN: Right.
Right.
The sinking of the
Maine, that's 1898.
And I spent a lot of
time looking into that.
That was a tricky one.
I still don't know exactly
where I come down on that,
to be honest with you, Sean.
I think there's a
very good argument
to be made, that as
crazy as it would sound,
that some of the hidebound
Spanish colonial officers
engaged in sabotage
of that ship.
This was a USS ship,
the Maine, that
was in Havana Harbor in 1898.
It does seem to me
that it was sabotage
that took the Maine out.
It's absolutely the case that
the United States used this
as the pretext,
the cause celebre,
to have a war against Spain
that led them to taking
Cuba and the Philippines.
You know, there is a claim that
it was Theodore Roosevelt who
actually organized this.
And I have not seen any
evidence that this is the case.
And so I'm not coming down that
that was a definite false flag.
If there were an
Olympics of false flags,
the United States
would win that Olympics
with the gold
medal far and away,
particularly after the end
of the Second World War.
So from the late 1940s,
early 1950s onward,
false flags is the United
States' game, all the way.
>> SEAN: So what are the most
glaring examples that we can
say certainly were false flags?
>> DOLAN: Well, I mean, let's
just start with the most
obvious.
And I will say that
9/11 was a false flag.
9/11 was a necessary false
flag from the point of view
of the American ruling elite.
It wasn't the first false flag.
They had a lot of
practice before then.
For people who still doubt
about 9/11 as a false flag,
let's refer them to
a planned false flag
that never happened, which
many people are aware of,
called Operation Northwoods,
which was cooked up
by the Joint Chiefs
of Staff in 1962,
landed on John F Kennedy's desk.
And this was a plan,
as insane as it
would sound, to have airliners
that would be ostensibly
hijacked by Cuba that
would crash into US targets
in major cities, including
New York City, blamed on Cuba,
to justify an invasion of Cuba.
Sound familiar?
So Kennedy looked at this,
and he said, no, we're
not going to be doing this.
And that particular false
flag did not happen.
But the US-- you
know, let's look
at things like Operation Gladio,
or the cointel program run
by the FBI in the 1950s and 60s.
Gladio was a European operation
run by NATO and CIA operatives,
where-- now we know about this
most specifically in Italy--
where operatives would
be there and blow up
train stations, killing hundreds
of people, blaming it on,
in those days, not the Islamic
terrorists, but the communists.
There was one in 1980.
The Bologna train station was
blown up, killing 85 people.
This was a Gladio operation.
And the explicit
point of Gladio was
to influence Italian
politics in the direction
of conservative politics
so that people would run
to the state for protection.
Gladio was found out.
It's been discussed.
It's out there in the open.
In the United States, COINTELPRO
was run out of the FBI
under J Edgar Hoover's days.
Was a classic kind
of provocation,
which goes on to this day
under different names.
In those days, groups pushing
for positive social change,
whether they be the Black
Panthers or Students
for a Democratic
Society, were infiltrated
by FBI, who would have
people radicalizing the group
and pushing it toward
violence, which would then
discredit that group.
And this was very successful.
The FBI was very
successful at that.
And then that was found out.
Really dirty pool.
This is, again, a long part
of the American tradition.
But I think 9/11 was
absolutely the centerpiece
of the modern era
of false flags.
>> SEAN: So you mentioned
Gladio, obviously,
which was centered
around Europe,
and particularly Western Europe.
And these operations
that were oftentimes
run by fascist elements,
blaming it on communists.
And you mentioned before
Islam was the terror
groups that were targeted.
Now, we have Islam as a major
focus for these terror attacks.
And it makes me wonder,
when we see events
like the Brussels or
the Paris attacks,
whether or not you believe
these could be false flags--
>> DOLAN: Yes.
>> SEAN: --or they could perhaps
just instead be ultimately
working towards the same end,
even if it is really ISIS
behind it.
>> DOLAN: Some of them
absolutely can be false flags.
Let's get right down to it.
So when you look at
the history of Islam
and its relationship
to false flags,
we have to look at the United
States, Britain, and Israel
as three nations
each which provably
have cultivated Islamic
fundamentalist extremists
for their purpose.
In the case of
Israel, back in 1950,
they were a false
flag in Iraq, bombings
that were blamed on
Islamic extremists that
were now attributed to Mossad.
And the purpose of
that was to actually
frighten Jewish settlers
out of Iraq so that they
would settle in Israel.
The United States and Britain
cultivated, by the early 1950s,
the Muslim Brotherhood.
And the specific
reason for that was
against the Egyptian
government, Nasser,
which was a secular,
non-US-aligned government.
Nasser was a
Pan-Arabist who did not
want to align with the
US or the Soviet Union.
US policy was, no, we're
going to not have that.
And they cultivated
the Muslim Brotherhood.
The US also cultivated Islamic
extremists in Afghanistan
during the 1980s.
We know all about this
under the Reagan years.
And in the former Yugoslavia,
during the late 1990s,
and then of course
in the Iraq war.
I mean, my goodness, in 2005 it
was a case of two British SAS
operatives-- these are
covert ops-- in Baghdad.
This is during the Iraq war.
What were they doing?
They were dressed as jihadists.
They were heavily armed.
They looked Iraqi.
Baghdad police looked
at them, thinking
they're very suspicious.
Arrested them.
There was a gunfight.
These two men were arrested.
And they were liberated in
a James Bond-like escape
attempt by US and
UK military forces
so that they would
not stand trial.
Why were British
UK SAS operatives
dressed as jihadists?
I mean, we could
go on and on here.
But my point is that Islam,
whatever one says about
whether it's progressive or not
in terms of modern politics,
has been used as a
whipping boy by the West
to further covert ops
and false flag agendas,
to get people worked up
for their own purposes
against Islam, to
promote a basically
imperialist political agenda.
>> SEAN: Right, and towards that
agenda, my question would be,
what can we say or deduce
from these attacks that occur
in terms of the actual
motivation from the financial
deep state perspective,
for example?
Do these attacks then move
money into the national security
apparatus, into
perhaps a deep state
component that really would
be behind the ultimate empire?
Because most people would say,
look, the American government
itself is not necessarily
running the conspiracy any more
than the UK government itself
is running the conspiracy.
But there is a deep
state component, right,
I would argue, that exists.
>> DOLAN: Yes.
I'm inclined to agree with this.
So where is the ultimate
power involved in all of this?
Is it the US government alone?
No, I don't believe so.
Is it the US government
in conjunction
with global top level
financial power?
I would say yes.
So the US military, which is
the most dominant military
in the world by
far, is considered
to be the ultimate tool for the
use of these financial elites
to achieve what they want.
What do they want?
Let's just put it
right out there.
They are stealing the
entire planet from right
before our eyes.
You have this many people
owning everything that is worth
owning, all the water, all
the genetically modified foods
that they want us
to eat forever,
all of the minerals under
the ground, everything.
And they're going for it.
And they're using
the United States
as the most dominant political
and military power in the world
to achieve those ends,
and to do regime change
and false flags against
nations that are not on board,
and so forth.
Now, the US political
establishment
is benefiting greatly from
this, as are the US close allies
and NATO allies and so forth.
So they all have a motivation
for continuing on with this.
And they do this,
incidentally, by domination
over global mainstream
media, which is
critically important for them.
This would not be
possible if they
didn't have total domination
over-- whether it's
CNN or BBC or all the
other major networks which
work for them.
>> SEAN: So we talk about
the global financial elite,
and their reach and control
is far beyond, I think,
most people's imagining.
Do we then look at these false
flags and other tensions,
even tensions between countries
like the United States
and Russia, as theatrics
that are ultimately
designed for population
control, that being mostly
of one's own population?
Is that the ultimate goal?
>> DOLAN: So are you asking
if the tensions between the US
and Russia are manufactured
in an artificial way?
>> SEAN: Right.
>> DOLAN: I don't know.
Actually, I don't believe so.
I've gone back and forth
on this over the years.
My opinion on this right now
is that Russia is genuinely
outside the system overall.
Russia and China both
are separate factors.
And the United States bloc, the
US / EU / NATO bloc / IMF bloc,
is seeking to dominate Russia
and China because they are not
particularly on board.
And this is why the US is
engaged in a covert war
against Russia, particularly.
So my take on it
right now is that this
is why we're seeing all this
mess in places like Syria,
for example.
The US has undermined Syria
through its covert ops
and its jihadists, as has
the UK, to dismantle Syria,
in part because Syria is
an ally of Iran and Russia.
And this is part of the
global geopolitical struggle
against Russia.
>> SEAN: And so
towards that end,
if we believe that the elite
of the West in particular are
aiming for like a one world
order as much as possible,
financially, politically--
>> DOLAN: Yes.
>> SEAN: --in order
to achieve that,
one thing that has been
postulated over the years is
a false flag involving
an alien invasion, right,
as one means of trying to unify
all people on the planet under
their rule.
>> DOLAN: Well, I've studied the
UFO phenomenon for many years,
and I'm very familiar
with this idea.
Sometimes it's been
called Project Blue Beam
as like a fake alien invasion.
I'm not a believer
in that theory.
I find the logistics of
faking an alien invasion
to be way beyond anything.
Even 9/11 pales in comparison.
Convincing a not only skeptical
but hostile international
scientific community
that this is happening
is a bridge too far.
However, I do see
a possibility as,
let us say, what
people call disclosure,
that is the disclosure
of a UFO reality
that that could, in
the future, be used
as a kind of false flag, yes.
My way of looking
at it is as follows.
There is a tremendous
amount of UFO data
that is being held by the US
National Security apparatus,
and enormous mountains of it.
If they ever are to disclose
this, I can assure you,
it will not be all of it.
It will not be all of that data.
It will be a sliver, a
very, very distinct sliver
that will be used,
as the US always
does, for propaganda and spin,
so to further their agenda.
This is why I think any
kind of US disclosure,
whether it's President Obama or
Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump
even, would be a disaster.
I would much rather see a
disclosure by another country--
>> SEAN: Right.
>> DOLAN: --that would not
be US, to be honest with you.
But I think that that could
be a kind of false flag,
if the US were to do it.
>> SEAN: What do you make, then,
of the disclosures on Secret
space program activities?
Do you think that
this is ultimately
toward serving the
US agenda of power,
or do you actually
think there is evidence
that there is a Secret
Space program that exists?
>> DOLAN: I believe there's a
lot of evidence that there is
a Secret Space program, a
clandestine program in space,
that I think has
existed for many years.
I've talked and written
about this myself many times.
I would caution people to
be careful about listening
to every alleged
whistleblower on this subject.
You know, my approach
in looking at this
is to find a way to confirm
who whistleblowers are,
to confirm their background.
There are people
in this world who
are confirmable whistleblowers.
A fellow like Gary McKinnon.
We know who Gary McKinnon is.
He did break into the US space
command website many years ago
and found information.
We know all about that.
There are other whistleblowers,
like William Binney,
who I consider a great hero.
We know all about him.
He hasn't talked about
the Secret Space program,
but he's a genuine
whistleblower.
So there are people whose
backgrounds we can identify,
and others whose
backgrounds we cannot.
And I simply try to be
careful about who I would
accord whistleblower status.
>> SEAN: Right.
But in terms of the space
program as it potentially
exists, we have seen recently,
over the last few years
in particular, NASA
budgets seem to be cut.
And yet we see more of
this privatization--
>> DOLAN: Oh, yeah.
>> SEAN: --space program.
Do you think that's
how it's now operating?
Is more the private
sector taking over?
>> DOLAN: In a way, yes.
So, for example,
the United States,
militarily and geopolitically,
must dominate space.
This is not arguable.
The United States
can never win a war
unless they dominate space
as the ultimate platform.
None of the precision
bombers would
work without having
the satellites up there
to tell them where to go.
So the US must be assured
of domination over space.
It's the necessary
theater of operations.
So that means if
they're going to cut
the outward civilian
space operation,
you can be sure that they are
militarizing space to the max.
All of this is clandestine.
All of that, by itself,
is a Secret Space program,
if you want to get
right down to it.
The real question that
some of us are asking
is, is there exotic technology
that is beyond anything that we
officially acknowledge
in our world today, that
is a component of the
Secret Space program?
And my strong suspicion
is that, yes, there is.
And this is through
my years looking
into the UFO phenomenon.
And I am someone who
credits the idea that there
has been exotic technology
recovered that has been studied
and that has not been released
to the mainstream world,
except in so far that
it can be made profit.
But there are other technologies
that I think are vastly beyond.
>> SEAN: Well, if we
know that the Russians--
>> DOLAN: That's my speculation.
>> SEAN: Sure.
But if we know that the
Russians, the Chinese,
the Indians, are now
engaging more and more
in space-based
activities and probes,
and they're interested in
manning missions to the moon
and to Mars as
well, does that mean
that they're also aware of
the Secret Space program?
>> DOLAN: I think that they are.
I think that they are also aware
of the greater UFO reality.
In fact, I'm sure that they are.
Russia absolutely has
its own long history,
confirmed history, of
military encounters with UFOs.
China, we know less about China.
But the research we have
points to yes, absolutely,
China as well.
The real interesting
question for me
is, as we move forward
here, you know,
the United States can
take care of its allies.
The US dominates them.
They are essentially varying
levels of vassal states.
Russia and China are wild cards.
And the question
that I asked myself,
and I don't have the answer
too, is will we get to a point
where Russia or
China will reveal
something that's not
in the US playbook
for the rest of the world.
And I think that's one of the
interesting questions moving
forward.
I think that both
of those nations
have their own reasons
for not disclosing.
Because disclosure
of a UFO reality
is a highly disruptive thing.
It really opens up a lot
of uncomfortable issues
in terms of energy.
After all, if you disclose
that there's this other reality
here, these other
beings, I think
it would be all of five
minutes before people realize,
oh, they're probably
not using petroleum
to go from here to there.
So whatever that answer
is, it's something beyond,
and that leads us to a post
petroleum global paradigm.
And that's a radical change
for everyone, not just the US.
>> SEAN: Well, you spoke about
the militarization of space
as one agenda.
Do you also think that there
is a desire by the elite
to create a breakaway
civilization,
either on other planets
or basically just
a space based
breakaway civilization?
>> DOLAN: It's interesting.
The breakaway
civilization is a phrase
that I coined many years ago.
And I see it's out there now.
My take on a
breakaway civilization
is a kind of a black budget
community on steroids,
essentially.
Ultra-secret with a lot of
infinite amount of money
and highly exotic
technology thrown
into the mix that
would allow them
to have radical science and
therefore radical experiences
that the rest of us are
prevented from having.
That would give them
a different cosmology,
a different
civilization, one that's
broken away from our own.
You're asking is there
a kind of let's say
an alternative three
type of scenario
where they're going off of
earth living permanently
on another base?
I would say in my own
analysis of previous leaks
from who I believe are credible
whistleblowers going back
decades, that there
is reason to believe
that there are anomalies on
the moon and maybe even Mars.
I don't discredit these ideas.
And so there's very likely
something that could be beyond.
My contention, though, is
that the action is on Earth.
So that whatever is
going on, I think
it's happening here
more than anywhere else.
This is where the population is.
This is where the resources are.
This is where all the fun is.
It's here on Earth.
And if there are other
beings, they're here too.
Earth is where it's at.
Not the moon, not
Mars, in my opinion.
>> SEAN: So in terms
of the not NASA,
because obviously we see that
there have been cutbacks taking
place recently in NASA, but many
people obviously calling out
the origins of NASA, relating in
relationship to Nazi scientists
that were brought over
at the end of the war,
certain Nazi symbolism
within NASA lore.
And it has an occult
element within it.
And one thing that's always
been interesting to me
is that you mentioned
9/11 as a false flag,
how the NASA role has not really
been studied or looked at,
but it was a potential
player in the attack,
if the attack involved any level
of advanced energy weaponry,
right, and potentially even a
space based energy weaponry.
Have you looked at that--?
>> DOLAN: This is interesting.
And these would be theories of
individuals like Dr. Judy Wood.
And I will just say, you
know, it took me a while
to get on board with some
of what she was saying,
because her theory--
she's over in the UK,
and I think she's
very brilliant.
I have to say this.
She asks a simple question.
It's the title of
one of her books.
Where did the towers go?
And what she means
is when you watch
the-- I used to say collapse
of the World Trade Center,
but it's not a collapse.
It is essentially
a disintegration,
a dustification.
Anyone can go on
YouTube and look,
and you can watch vertical
steel beams essentially
vanish as the World Trade
Center is coming down.
I simply ask, and she asks,
how is this even possible?
How is it possible?
I mean, it's one thing to have
a building come down in a fire
and have damage.
But it's another thing for
vertical steel columns,
thick steel columns, to just
vanish before our very eyes.
This is a question I don't
know if any scientist,
any physicist, has
tried to explain this.
And so how do we explain it?
Well, there are some
unconventional--
there's the nano-thermite
explanation that's
been put out there.
I don't know that that can
do it, though, frankly.
And then there's what Judy
Wood talks about, which
is advanced beam type weaponry.
And yes, I must
say, I mean, I've
come to the point where I think
that her-- 9/11 researchers are
terrified of this idea.
Because 9/11 researchers
want-- you know,
they've got one albatross
around their neck already.
They have a corporate
mainstream media
that just says, oh, you're all
crazy conspiracy theorists.
Now to take that and to add
on something even more exotic,
this advanced beam
weaponry of which
there is no proof officially,
but which it sure as heck looks
like.
They don't want that.
But unfortunately,
here's Judy Wood,
and she's putting the
evidence out there.
And we have to look
at that evidence.
So my point is, I
don't know exactly
who the source of that
beam weaponry might be
or if it's beam weaponry
or something else.
But I have to say that, yes,
an honest intellectual analysis
of the destruction of
the World Trade Center
has to account for this.
>> SEAN: And, again, in
terms of the NASA component,
even though really it hasn't
been thoroughly investigated
in relationship to 9/11, as I
mentioned the Nazi relationship
to the origins of NASA,
really bring up the question
of the Nazi role within
the deep state itself--
>> DOLAN: Yeah, yeah.
>> SEAN: --because aren't
they a major player in that--
>> DOLAN: The US swallowed that
poison pill after World War II.
We all now know about
Project Paperclip.
And this was the importation
of hardcore unrepentant Nazis
after the war.
But they were coveted because
of two reasons, really.
One was the whole
intelligence community.
They were experts in
spying on the Soviet Union.
But the other were
the scientists.
And they were the
greatest prize.
And they were brought
in almost entirely
into the US deep state.
You're exactly right.
I believe it's
impossible to swallow
that much poison without taking
that poison into your system.
So what is, say,
the post Nazi role?
I don't know who these
people are today.
Are they still old
fashioned Nazis?
I don't know.
But what is their role?
And is NASA part of it?
I don't know that
NASA is part of this.
My feeling is that there are
probably clandestine agencies
that exist right now.
After all, the NSA and
the NRO both existed
for years in complete secrecy
before they were revealed.
The United States has a long
history, in other words,
of having substantial
intelligence agencies
with a lot of power
existing in total secrecy.
And my suspicion is that
this is the case today.
>> SEAN: Right.
But even for the United States
to have swallowed the Nazis,
and actually have, as we know
historically, from the Wall
Street financial perspective,
have been involved
in the rise of the Nazis--
>> DOLAN: Yes.
>> SEAN: --what can we make
about the fascist nature
of the global elite or perhaps
the ultimate group that runs
the world?
Isn't there a bit of a
fascist component to it?
>> DOLAN: We're in a neo
fascist world right now.
The only problem is that no
one recognizes it openly.
When we talk about
fascism, some people
like to think of the 1930s
and Hitler and Mussolini.
And you know, that form of
fascism was in your face.
They let you know.
This is a fascist society.
There was no question about it.
Today, fascism is
much more clever.
And today fascism will
include Monday Night Football
and dancing with the whatever.
So it's entertainment
and it's distraction.
But it's still fascism.
It's a global fascism
in which your rights
and my rights as citizens
are being abrogated.
That is-- if it's not
Nazism, it is fascism.
And that is what we are
dealing with on a global basis
right before our very eyes.
And that is what
engaged citizens
have to deal with and fight.
>> SEAN: There is almost a
religious nature to fascism,
which I think is the basis
of what is everything that
we're describing here, is that
it A has to do with media being
a form of religion and how it
controls our worldview, right,
government being a form
of religion which we obey.
And no matter what, we
go to the polls and we
elect, whether it's a
Democrat or Republican.
It's always the same basically
two party, one party state,
that we're ultimately
being controlled by.
So how would you say this
false flag is ultimately
playing into the ultimate
paradigm of duality that
really never shifts us out
of a fascist structure?
Are there alternative
ways of being in our--
because we are so enclosed now,
our mind view, our world scape,
our worldview is so enclosed,
how do we get out of this?
>> DOLAN: I feel that
this is a great question.
I analyze, in my forthcoming
book on false flags,
I see false flags as
a form of propaganda.
They're not the only
form of propaganda.
They're just the nastiest, most
violent form of propaganda.
But it's part of the
spectrum that I identify
from things as simple as
cultural conditioning,
you know, hand over the
heart, pledging allegiance,
to the cultural distractions
like the Kardashians,
everything else that are there.
They're telling
us, look over here.
Don't look at the
theft of your planet
and the abrogation
of your rights.
Look at this little trinket.
To news media, corporate
control, and news
spin and lies in the
mainstream news media,
to covert ops and false flags.
All of it are part
of a spectrum.
And so what people
need to understand
is that this is not about fear.
This is not about having
people be afraid of the world
we're in.
It's about not despairing.
It's about waking up.
It's about facing truth.
It's about empowering ourselves
through understanding truth.
The United States
and the Western bloc
that is under its
control is in many ways,
in terms of the control over
media, right where the Soviet
Union was in the 1970s.
Where Pravda and
Izvestia were complete
mouthpieces for the Kremlin.
We have that now in the West.
And it's not simply one network.
It's many Western major media
networks, major newspapers
and major television outlets.
They serve in the
exact same way.
So if someone wants to have the
chance of getting at some truth
and waking up and actually--
because it's only with truth
that we are set
free-- then they have
to begin by really clearing
the deck of the mainstream news
narrative, the Western
dominated news narrative,
and going outside of that
into alternative news media.
And beginning that process.
And this is not to say that
all alternative news is
perfect and correct.
Truth is not the
easiest thing to get at.
We have to work at it.
But you're never going to get
it if you turn on and watch CNN.
You'll become
hopelessly confused
for the rest of all time.
Because here's the thing.
When those organizations are
working for State Department,
CIA, National Security
establishment,
they have to lie.
They can't tell
you that there is
this small elite that's stealing
the world underneath our feet.
So they have to deceive.
And therefore they
have to confuse.
They can't give you
the straight truth.
It's impossible.
And so this is why people
are turned off politics,
by the way, because they
don't understand it.
All they see is one
thing after another,
one explosion after another.
And it's like, why
do they hate us?
Do they hate our freedoms?
And all of this.
No.
They're not getting the big
picture, which is what we need.
And it is only through
alternative non-establishment
news sources that we'll ever
have a chance of doing that.
>> SEAN: That's why we
enter the Buzzsaw here.
>> DOLAN: That's right.
>> SEAN: Thank you so much
for joining me today, Richard.
>> DOLAN: What a pleasure.
Thank you, Sean.
>> SEAN: Really
appreciate your time.
And there you have it, folks.
Some fascinating insights.
Richard Dolan.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here
today, but I urge
you to check out
his website,
richarddolanpress.com, as well
as his books, "UFOs,
the National Security
State," and "UFO's for
the 21st Century Mind."
Remember, the road to
truth is a perilous path
along the edge of the Buzzsaw.
I'm your host, Sean Stone,
and you are the revolution.